Improvement: adjust timeout for builds with remote access (#1223)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/troubleshooting/accessing-builder-machine-via-ssh.md

## Remote access session time limit

> Remote access is available during and 10 minutes after the build finishes. Once connected, the SSH or VNC/RDP session remains active until the maximum build duration limit is reached. Even if the session ends sooner, you can still connect to the virtual machine.

Reviewer: I think it's not clear enough. What are the ways to end the session?
- end the remote access session - does this terminate the build?
- cancel the build
- build timeout

> Remote access is available during and 10 minutes after the build finishes. Once connected, the SSH or VNC/RDP session remains active until the maximum build duration limit is reached. Even if the session ends sooner, you can still connect to the virtual machine.

Reviewer 2: I think original text is better
> The build virtual machine (VM) will remain available for an SSH connection for 10 minutes after the build finishes running and then automatically shut down (or you can cancel it).

> Remote access is available during and 10 minutes after the build finishes. Once connected, the SSH or VNC/RDP session remains active until the maximum build duration limit is reached. Even if the session ends sooner, you can still connect to the virtual machine.

Reviewer 2: also
> After you SSH into the build, the connection will remain open until the maximum build duration limit is reached (60 minutes by default).

{{<notebox>}}

> **Note:** If you no longer need to debug the build, don't forget to cancel the build to avoid losing build time.

Reviewer: Here too I have a question: does one need to cancel the build to end the session?

## Remote access session time limit

> The build virtual machine will remain available for an SSH or VNC/RDP connection for 10 minutes after the build finishes running. Once connected, the virtual machine remains available until build is cancelled or the maximum build duration limit is reached (60 minutes by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The virtual machine running the build will remain available for an SSH or VNC/RDP connection for 10 minutes after the build finishes running. Once connected, the session remains active until the build is canceled or the maximum build duration limit is reached (60 minutes by default).
```

Author: I thought to be more general saying "virtual machine remains available" to emphasize that it's possible to reconnect

Maybe "Once connected, the debug session remains active until [...]"

Reviewer: Yep, this sounds good to me.
